There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
Be careful with that butter knife.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
